docs: moving docs to pages (#3633)
philips-labs/terraform-aws-github-runner: README.md

> 📄 Extensive documentation is available via our [GitHub Pages Docs site](https://philips-labs.github.io/terraform-aws-github-runner/).

> 📢 We maintain the project as a truly open-source project. We maintain the project on a best effort basis. We welcome contributions from the community. Feel free to help us answering issues, reviewing PRs, or maintaining and improving the project.

> 📢 [`v5`](https://github.com/philips-labs/terraform-aws-github-runner/pull/3552) replaces Amazon Linux 2 with Amazon Linux 2023 as default OS. Check the PR for more details and other changes.

> 📢 For contributions to older versions you can make a PR to the related branch, e.g. `v4`. We have no release process in place for older versions.

This [Terraform](https://www.terraform.io/) module creates the required infrastructure needed to host [GitHub Actions](https://github.com/features/actions) self-hosted, auto-scaling runners on [AWS spot instances](https://aws.amazon.com/ec2/spot/). It provides the required logic to handle the life cycle for scaling up and down using a set of AWS Lambda functions. Runners are scaled down to zero to avoid costs when no workflows are active.

> insert image dark mode and light mode name is assets/runners.dark.png and assets/runners.light.png

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

Author: lol prompt engineering :)

</picture>

## Features

- Scaling: Scale up and down based on GitHub events
- Sustainability: Scale down to zero when no jobs are running
- Security: Runners are created on-demand and terminated after use (ephemeral runners)
- Cost optimization: Runners are created on spot instances
- Tailored software, hardware and network configuration: Bring your own AMI, define the instance types and subnets to use.
- OS support: Linux (x64/arm64) and Windows
- Multi-Runner: Create multiple runner configurations with a single deployment
- GitHub cloud and GitHub Enterprise Server (GHES) support.
- Org and repo level runners. enterprise level runners are not supported (yet).

## Getting started

Cechkout the detailed istruction in the [Getting Started](https://philips-labs.github.io/terraform-aws-github-runner/getting-started/) section of the docs. On a high level, the following steps are required to get started:
- Setup your AWS account
- Create and configure a GitHub App
- Download or build the required lambdas
- Deploy the module using Terraform
- Install the GitHub App to your organization or repositories and add your repositories to the runner group(s).

> Checkout the provide Terrafom examples in the [examples](./examples) directory for different scenarios.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Checkout the provided Terraform examples in the [examples](./examples) directory for different scenarios.
```

## Configuration

> Please check the [configuration](https://philips-labs.github.io/terraform-aws-github-runner/configuration.html) section of the docs for major configuration options. See the Terraform module documentation for all available options.

Reviewer: This link does not work for me. Should it?
